Um...
Okay. And
Um so the official is
13. 13. But...
And last year, or two summers ago, there was a 12 year old.
Yeah. Yeah. But she was
like very, very primary style
Even if they're 13, they're like, really worried.
Yeah, yeah. Them. Yeah.
Nope. No, not at all. Summer weather.
So, so, so.
No. Oh, wait, wait. I have a winter coat too. Sorry.
You should move fast. Sorry, uh summer night
uh really the people the people the connections.
um but also the chamber music.
um like the string quartets doing that.
The person who creates the groups.
is kind of a magician. She knows exactly who to group.
And who will work really well with their each other
Also considering the sound they make as a group with their instruments.
She knows. She somehow knows.
Yeah, and she also...
Just understands what kind of person you are.
Oh, and she's very experienced too. Yes.
A lot of the... There's just like so many perfect
components of the camp that just makes it like a
Also the place it's in front of the beach it's on an island.
Yeah. Yeah. So that one is also PMP.
They do a winter residency um
in Sarasota, Florida. Sarasota, Florida.
Oh, oh. yeah okay so that's more in the summer when it's hot.
and then we perform the one
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's like humid, very humid, um so like
Hmm?
Yeah, um, not too much, not too much. Boston was much more driven.
But, but Long Island, um...
There is
the one thing about PMP that I want them to change is that
The performance space is like in a
tent or a really big like
Outdoor tent, like, you know, construct, constructed tent like.
but it's like basically outdoors so the instrument it gets super like wet
and like from the humidity and so like your fingers are like
Yeah, true.
so it's like the saying is like if you can play in the tent you can play anywhere
Cause it's a horrible place to perform. Yeah.
But, it's good.
Florida is also a town, the performance is. But, Florida's kind of...
Not as humid as I thought.
But I think in winter it's a little better
it's not bad. Yeah, it was actually cold sometimes.
But like New Year's Day we all like went to wherever we wanted
Not, wherever. They gave us options like amusement park, whatever, and whenever.
So I'm but I went to like the beach in the town just to like rest
But it was like sunny, it's hot.
The waves were really nice. It was like summer, midsummer.
Yeah. Yeah. So there....
Kick off. yeah recently
This year? Okay, uh May.
I went to New York City to perform as a string quartet.
Man, this place is awesome.
So, so, so, so, now turn around. Yeah.
That was fun, that was fun. It kind of really, it happened super quickly
Yeah, also cuz we were
Sorry?
Yeah. Ah.
I think we did. We did.
Yeah, I love museums, yeah. just
We went to like pretty like specific museums like
would like specific exhibits.
We did, we went to like an architect show.
Someone who you know, their exhibit, that was cool
Yeah. It's fun. It's
sometimes a little overstimulating with all the lights and the people
But also, no one really cares.
About like other people so like you're really like as much
It's like a little ironic but like there's so many people but
You can feel like pretty like centered and alone.
But you're, you also don't feel lonely because there's so many people.
Also. And.... PMP is
The camp is basically a branch of like Juilliard.
So like the faculty are all from Juilliard, the staff are basically all from Juilliard.
And so there's also a lot of Juilliard students.
pre-college students. So
Whenever I go to New York City, I make sure to go visit all my PMP friends.